you better get bright pal we got a show
to do then we got to figure out some way
to collect that gate money get it to the
Cook County Assessor's Office as soon as
they open in the morning Joliette Jake
and Elwood blues two men with a mission
and only 11 days
and don't come back until you've
redeemed yourselves
Our Lady a blessed acceleration don't
fail me now
goodbye
for me the Lord do that understand we're
on a mission from God
lots of space in this small man gonna be
balloons in my how you raise $5,000 in
11 days without rip more somebody
I remain celibate for you
get it
we should be very close to the Honorable
Richard J Daley Plaza
Picasso
see two guys come in here black suits
black hats one cow in a briefcase yeah I
just set him down there thank you
John Belushi yeah how much money your
wife
dan aykroyd after the gig maybe we could
like cat hang out together James Brown I
heard the sound in Macao cab calloway
Rach are you no depreciation man Carrie
Fisher I must now kill you and your
brother Aretha Franklin you're living
with me now
you're not gonna go sliding around with
old white woman friends Henry Gibson he
better pray the police get to him before
we do and the Blues Brothers Band the
Blues brother are you the police no
ma'am
we're musicians
you